Role: You are an expert Full-Stack Developer and UI/UX Designer.Task: Build a high-fidelity, interactive proof-of-concept dashboard for a deep-tech flood prediction startup called "AngaWatch".Tech Stack: Next.js, React, Tailwind CSS, and Recharts (for the data visualization), plus Lucide React for icons.Design System & Vibe:Theme: "Dark Mode Command Center." Backgrounds should be very dark slate/gray (bg-slate-900), with panels in slightly lighter dark tones (bg-slate-800).Accents: Primary brand color is a crisp, technological green (text-emerald-400). Emergency alerts should be a stark, high-contrast red (text-red-500).Font: Clean, modern sans-serif (Inter or similar).Core Layout:Top Navigation Bar: AngaWatch logo (text is fine) on the left. A live ticking clock and "System Status: MESH ACTIVE" badge in green on the right.Left Sidebar (Node List): A vertical list of three monitored nodes in the Tana River Basin: "Garissa (Upstream)", "Hola Bridge (Midstream)", and "Garsen (Downstream)". Make the Hola Bridge node appear highlighted/active.Main Content Area: Split into three distinct sections:Top Row (Telemetry Cards): 3 metric cards showing real-time data for the active node.Card 1: Current Water Height (e.g., 2.45m).Card 2: River Velocity (e.g., 14.2 m/s). Highlight this to show we track momentum, not just height.Card 3: AI Predictive Status (e.g., "SURGE DETECTED - IMPACT IN 48 HOURS" in red).Middle Row (The Predictive Engine Graph): This is the centerpiece. Use Recharts to create a line chart spanning a 14-day timeline.Include a horizontal dashed Red Line labeled "Critical Evacuation Threshold".Include a solid Blue Line representing "Predicted Discharge ($m^3/s$)".The blue line should start below the red line, dip, and then steeply spike above the red evacuation threshold on the right side of the graph to simulate an impending flood.Bottom Row (Last-Mile SMS Simulator): A section dedicated to the community impact. Design a mockup of a basic "Feature Phone" screen. Inside the screen, display this exact text message as if it just arrived:"ALERT: FLASH FLOOD! GO TO UPPER HILL EVACUATION CENTRE. ONYO: MAFURIKO! NENDA KWENYE KITUO CHA UOKOAJI CHA UPPER HILL."Add a button next to the phone mockup that says "Trigger Manual Alert." When clicked, make the phone screen flash or display a "Message Sent Successfully" toast notification.Dummy Data to use for the Recharts Graph:Use this array to render the chart:[{ day: '-5', discharge: 600 }, { day: '-3', discharge: 550 }, { day: 'Today', discharge: 800 }, { day: '+2', discharge: 1100 }, { day: '+4 (Predicted)', discharge: 1500 }]Set the Critical Threshold reference line at 1200.Please generate the complete, functioning code for this dashboard so I can preview it immediately. Ensure all layout elements are responsive and beautifully styled with Tailwind.